CIRCULAR 

SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/129 

September 19, 2025 

To, 
All Recognized Stock Exchanges 

All Recognized Depositories 

All Merchant Bankers and Brokers registered with SEBI  

All Social Enterprises 

All Social Impact Fund registered with SEBI 

All Social Impact Assessment Organizations 

All Self-Regulatory Organizations  

Sir / Madam, 

Sub: Framework on Social Stock Exchange (“SSE”) 

1.  SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2022/120 dated September 19, 

2022 and subsequently vide circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/196 dated 

December 28, 2023 has notified the detailed framework on Social Stock Exchange. 

2.  Based  on  the  recommendations  of  Social  Stock  Exchange  Advisory  Committee 

(SSEAC)  and  the  feedback  received  through  public  consultation  on  the 

recommendations of SSEAC, the Board approved amendments to the Securities 

and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Issue  of  Capital  and  Disclosure  Requirements) 

Regulations, 2018 (ICDR Regulations) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (LODR 

Regulations).  

3.  Accordingly,  the  provisions  of  ICDR  Regulations  and  LODR  Regulations  in  this 

regard, have been amended vide Gazette Notification dated September 09, 2025 

and September 08, 2025 respectively. The same is available at following links: 

ICDR  Amendment  Notification  –  https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/regulations/sep-

2025/securities-and-exchange-board-of-india-issue-of-capital-and-disclosure-

requirements-second-amendment-regulations-2025_96524.html 

Page 1 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LODR  Amendment  Notification  –  https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/regulations/sep-

2025/securities-and-exchange-board-of-india-listing-obligations-and-disclosure-

requirements-third-amendment-regulations-2025_96523.html 

4.  Partial  modification  to  the  circular  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2022/120  dated 

September 19, 2022 pursuant to the amendments to ICDR Regulations and LODR 

Regulations are as under- 

4.1. In  paragraph  1,  sub-paragraph  A  of  the  abovementioned  circular,  titled  as 

“Minimum requirements to be met by a Not for Profit Organization (NPO) for 

registration with SSE in terms of Regulation 292F of the ICDR Regulations”, 

the third row from the top in the table shall be replaced with the following - 

Entity 
registered 
an NPO 

is 
as 

Registration  certificate 
valid at least for next 12 
months  at  the  time  of 
seeking 
registration 
with SSE 

Entities  must  be  registered  in 
India as one of the below: 
a)  a charitable trust registered 
under the Indian Trusts Act, 
1882 

b)  a charitable trust registered 
under the public trust statue 
of the relevant State; 

c)  a Trust registered under the 
Indian  Registration  Act, 
1908  (16  of  1908)  with  the 
relevant  Sub-Registrar 
in 
those  States  that  have  not 
enacted  the  law  governing 
public trust; 

d)  a 

charitable 

society 
registered 
the 
Societies  Registration  Act, 
1860; 

under 

e)  a 

charitable 

society 
the 
registered 
Societies Registration Act of 
the relevant State; 

under 

f)  a company registered under 
section 8 of the Companies 
Act,  2013  (18  of  2013) 
including 
company 
a 
registered under section 25 
of  the  repealed  Companies 
Act, 1956. 

Page 2 of 5 

 
 
 
 
4.2. Paragraph  1,  sub-paragraph  C,  of  the  abovementioned  circular  titled  as 

“Annual disclosure by NPOs on SSE which have either raised funds through 

SSE  or  are  registered  with  SSE  in  terms  of  Regulation  91C  of  the  LODR 

Regulations” shall be read as under- 

1.  The following disclosures would be made by the NPOs on an Annual Basis 

(i.e.) within 60 days from end of Financial year: 

a.  Disclosures on General aspects: 

i.  Name of the organization (legal and popular name);  

ii. 

Location of headquarters and location of operations;  

iii.  Vision / Mission / Purpose; 

iv.  Organizational goals, activities, products and services; 

v.  Scale  of  operations  (Including  Employee  and  Volunteer 

strength); 

b.  Disclosures on Governance aspects: 

i.  Ownership and legal form; 

ii.  Governance  Structure  (outlines  board  and  management 

committee  structures,  mandates,  membership,  charters, 

policies and internal controls); 

iii.  Details of governing body including names of the members of 

the body; 

iv.  Executives with key responsibilities; 

v.  Number of meetings by governing body and other committees 

formed  by  them  along  with  attendance  and  the  process  of 

performance review; 

vi.  Organisation level potential risks and mitigation plan; 

vii.  Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics, along with 

conflict of interest and communicating other critical concerns 

viii.  Remuneration Policies; 

ix.  Stakeholder  grievance,  process  of  grievance  redressal  and 

number of grievance received and resolved; 

x.  Organisation registration certificate 

and  other  licenses 

and certifications (12A, 80G, FCRA, GST, etc.). 

Page 3 of 5 

 
 
2.  The following disclosures would be made by the NPOs on an Annual Basis 

of the financial year by October 31st of each year or before the due date of 

filing the income tax return as prescribed under the provisions of the Income 

Tax Act, 1961, whichever is later:  

a.  Disclosures on General aspects: 

i.  Outreach  of  organization  (Type  and  number  of  direct,  indirect 

and institutional beneficiaries / stakeholders reached); 

ii.  Details of top donors or investors of organisation - List of Top 5 

donors or investors (budget wise); 

iii.  Details  of  top  5  programs  in  disclosure  period  -  List  of  Top  5 

interventions/programs (budget wise). 

b.  Disclosures on Governance aspects: 

i.  Reporting of related party transactions; 

ii.  Compliance  management  process  and  statement  of 

compliance from senior decision maker. 

c.  Disclosures on Financial aspects: 

i. 

Financial  Statement  (Balance  Sheet,  Income  statement  and 

Cash Statement). Also program wise fund utilization for the year; 

ii.  Auditors report and auditor details. 

3.  A guidance note in respect of the above aspects is provided at Annexure 

I. 

4.  SSE  may  specify  additional  parameters  that  may  be  required  to  be 

disclosed by NPO on annual basis. 

4.3. Paragraph 1, sub-paragraph D, clause (1) of the abovementioned circular shall 

be read as under- 

“All Social Enterprises which have raised funds using SSE will have to provide 

duly assessed Annual Impact  Report (AIR) to  SSE  by October  31st of each 

year or before the due date of filing the income tax return as prescribed under 

the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, whichever is later.” 

4.4. Paragraph 1, sub-paragraph D, clause (3) of the abovementioned circular shall 

be read as under- 

“In case an NPO is registered without listing any security, the AIR will be self-

reported  and  must  cover  the  NPO’s  significant  activities,  intervention, 

Page 4 of 5 

 
 
programs or projects during the year and the methodology for determination of 

significance must be explained. Additionally, if there is an activity, intervention, 

program  or  projects  covered  under  a  listed  security,  it  will  qualify  as  a 

significant activity, intervention, program or project. The annual impact report 

shall cover 67% of the program expenditure in the previous financial year.” 

4.5. Paragraph 1, sub-paragraph D, clause (8) of the abovementioned circular shall 

be read as under- 

“The  AIR  shall  be  assessed  by  Social  Impact  Assessors  and  the  SEs  shall 

disclose the report of Social Impact Assessors along with AIR.” 

5.  The Recognized Stock Exchanges and Depositories are directed to 

a)  bring the contents of this circular to the notice of all the stakeholders; 

b)  put  in  place  necessary  systems  and  infrastructure  for  monitoring  and 

implementation of this circular; 

c)  make consequential changes, if any, to their respective bye-laws, rules and 

regulations and bidding portal; 

6.  The provisions of this circular shall come into effect immediately. 

7.  This Circular is being issued in exercise of the powers conferred under Section 11 

and Section 11A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 read with 

Regulation  299  of  SEBI  ICDR  Regulations  and  Regulation  101  of  LODR 

Regulations, to protect the interests of investors in securities and to promote the 

development of, and to regulate the securities market. 

8.  A copy of this circular is available on SEBI website at www.sebi.gov.in under the 

categories “Legal → Circulars”. 

Yours faithfully, 

Vimal Bhatter  

Deputy General Manager 

Corporation Finance Department 

 Tel. No.: +91 22 2644 9386 

Email id: vimalb@sebi.gov.in 

Page 5 of 5 

 
 
 
 
