CIRCULAR 

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/130      

               September 19, 2025 

To, 
The Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents (RTAs) 
The Listed Issuers 
The Depositories 
The Depository Participants through Depositories 

Madam / Sir,  

Sub:  Ease  of  Doing  Investment  -  Smooth  transmission  of  securities  from 

Nominee to Legal Heir 

1.  SEBI has streamlined the process of appointing nominee. The nominee acts as a 

Trustee of the securities of the original security holder and transfers the securities 

to the legal heir as per succession plan. 

2.  As  per  existing  procedure  for  effecting  such  transfers,  the  nominee,  while 

transferring  the  securities  to  legal  heir,  may  get  assessed  for  capital  gains  tax. 

Payment  of  tax  by  the  nominee  in  such  a  situation  may  not  be  appropriate 

considering that in terms of clause (iii) of Section 47 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, 

such  transmission  is  exempted  and  not  considered  as  “transfer”.  While  the 

nominee may claim refund of such tax, this process causes inconvenience to the 

nominee. 

3.  In order to alleviate this inconvenience, a Working Group (“WG”) was formed. The 

WG,  based  on    engagement  with  the  Central  Board  of  Direct  Taxes  (“CBDT”), 

recommended that to address the issue,  reporting entities should use the reason 

code “TLH” (i.e. Transmission to Legal Heirs), while reporting such transactions to 

the CBDT. 

Page 1 of 2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.  Accordingly, in order to streamline the process of transmission of securities from 

nominee to legal heir and resolve the abovementioned issues related to taxation, 

it has been decided that a standard reason code viz. “TLH” shall be used by the 

reporting  entities  while  reporting  the  transmission  of  securities  from  nominee  to 

legal heir, to the CBDT so as to enable proper application of the provisions of the 

Income Tax Act, 1961. 

5.  The  procedural  requirements  for  transmission  of  securities  to  legal  heir  shall 

continue to be as provided under the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 

Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Master Circular for Registrars 

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents dated June 23, 2025 (as updated from time 

to time). 

6.  RTAs, Listed Issuers, Depositories and Depository Participants are directed to take 

note  of  above  and  make  necessary  system  changes  and  implement  above 

proposal with effect from January 01, 2026. 

7.  This  circular  is  issued  in  exercise  of  powers  conferred  under  Section  11(1)  of 

Chapter IV of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, Section 19 of 

Chapter IV of the Depositories Act, 1996, Regulation 40(1) read with Regulation 

101 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 

Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  and  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India 

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 to protect 

the interests of investors in securities and to promote the development of, and to 

regulate the securities markets. 

8.  This  circular  is  available    on    SEBI    website    at  www.sebi.gov.in  under    the  

category:  ‘Legal → Circulars’. 

Yours faithfully,  

Aradhana Verma 

General Manager  

Tel. No.: 022-26449633 

E-mail: aradhanad@sebi.gov.in 

Page 2 of 2 

 
 
 
 
