SEBI/HO/AFD/AFD-POD-1/P/CIR/2025/128                                                       September 10, 2025 

CIRCULAR 

To, 

All Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) 

Sir/Madam,   

Sub: Revised regulatory framework for Angel Funds under AIF Regulations 

1.  With  the  objective  of  improving  ease  of  doing  business,  enhancing  risk  reduction  and 
providing  operational  clarity  to  Angel  Funds,  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India 
(Alternative  Investment  Funds)  Regulations,  2012  (“AIF  Regulations”)  have  been 
amended  and  notified  on  September  09,  2025,  to  prescribe  the  revised  regulatory 
framework for Angel Funds. A copy of the notification is given here. In this context, the 
specific conditions and modalities with respect to various provisions pertaining to Angel 
Funds are being prescribed by way of this circular.  

A. 

2. 

Fund raising by Angel Funds –  

In terms of Regulation 19D(1) of AIF Regulations, Angel Funds shall raise funds only from 
Accredited Investors by way of issue of units, in the manner as may be specified by SEBI 
from time to time. In this regard, the following is specified –  

2.1.  Angel  Funds  which  are  granted  registration  by  SEBI  post  the  issuance  of  this 
circular, shall on-board and offer investment opportunities to Accredited Investors 
only.  

2.2.  Angel Funds registered with SEBI on or before the date of issuance of this circular 

shall comply with the following –  

(a)  Such  Angel  Funds  shall  implement  the  aforesaid  mandate  on  or  before 
September  08,  2026  and  shall not  offer  investment  opportunity to  more  than 
200 non-Accredited Investors during this period. 

(b)  Such  Angel  Funds  shall  not  accept  contribution  for  investment  in  an  investee 

company from non-Accredited Investors, post September 08, 2026.   

(c)  Existing investors of such Angel Funds shall continue to hold their investments 
already  made  in  the  Angel  Fund  as  per  the  terms  of  the  Private  Placement 
Memorandum (PPM) and/or fund documents of the Angel Fund.  

2.3.  Managers of Angel Funds shall ensure that, at the time of accepting contribution 
for  investment  in  an  investee  company,  the  investor  providing  contribution 

Page 1 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
qualifies  as  an  Accredited  Investor,  either  by  holding  a  valid  accreditation 
certificate or by meeting the criteria for deemed Accredited Investor as specified 
in Regulation 2(1)(ab) of AIF Regulations.  

3. 

In terms of Regulation 19D(6) of AIF Regulations, an Angel Fund shall on-board at least 
five  Accredited  Investors  before  declaring  its  first  close  in  the  manner  as  may  be 
specified by SEBI from time to time. In this regard, the following is specified –  

3.1.  The first close of an Angel Fund shall be declared not later than 12 months from 

the date of SEBI communication for taking the PPM of the Angel Fund on record. 

3.2.  Existing  Angel  Funds  which  have  not  yet  declared  first  close,  shall  do  so  on  or 

before September 08, 2026.  

3.3. 

In case the first close of an Angel Fund is not declared within the timeline specified 
above, the Angel Fund shall refile the PPM with SEBI as per applicable provisions 
of AIF Regulations by paying requisite fee to SEBI. 

B. 

4. 

Investments by Angel Funds –  

In  terms  of  Regulation  19E  of  AIF  Regulations,  an  Angel  Fund  shall  not  launch  any 
schemes  for  soliciting  funds  from  angel 
investments. 
Accordingly, the following is specified –  

investors  or  making  any 

4.1. 

Investments in investee companies shall be made directly by Angel Funds, without 
the requirement of launching a scheme for this purpose. 

Consequently, the provisions of AIF Regulations which are applicable to a scheme 
of  an  AIF,  shall  be  applicable  to  the  Angel  Fund  at  fund  level,  unless  stated 
otherwise.  

4.2.  The requirement of filing term sheet with SEBI for launching scheme and making 
investment  has  been  discontinued  with.  However,  Angel  Funds  shall  maintain 
records  of  term  sheets  for  each  investment,  including  the  list  of  investors  who 
participate in that investment and their contribution to the investment.  

5. 

In  terms  of  proviso  to  Regulation  19F(1)  of  AIF  Regulations,  Angel  Funds  may  make 
additional  investments  in  their  existing  investee  companies  which  are  no  longer  start-
ups (‘follow-on investments’), subject to the conditions as may be specified by SEBI from 
time to time. In this regard, the following conditions are specified –  

5.1.  Follow-on  investment  shall  be  allowed  to  the  extent  the  post-issue  shareholding 
percentage of the Angel Fund in the investee company does not exceed the pre-
issue shareholding percentage.  

5.2.  The total investment in an investee company by an Angel Fund, including follow-

on investments, shall not exceed INR 25 Crore.  

Page 2 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
5.3.  Angel  Funds  shall  accept  contribution  for  follow-on  investment  only  from  the 
investors who had contributed to the existing investment in the investee company 
and pro-rata to their contribution in the existing investment. However, in case an 
investor  opts  not  to  participate  in  the  follow-on  investment  to  the  extent  of  its 
pro-rata  rights,  the  same  may  be  offered  to  the  remaining  investors  who  had 
contributed to the existing investment.  

6. 

In  terms  of  Regulation  19F(3)  of  AIF  Regulations,  investment  by  an  Angel  Fund  in  an 
investee company shall be subject to lock-in period as may be specified by SEBI. In this 
regard, the following is specified –  

6.1. 

Investment  by  an  Angel  Fund  in  an  investee  company  shall  be  locked-in  for  a 
period of one year. 

6.2.  The  aforesaid  lock-in  requirement  shall  be  for  a  period  of  six  months  if  the  exit 
from  the  investment  by  Angel  Fund  is  by  way  of  sale  to  a  third  party,  that  is, 
excluding buy-back by the investee company or purchase by its promoters or their 
associates. Any such sale shall be subject to terms of Articles of Association of the 
investee company.  

7. 

In  terms  of  Regulation  19F(7)  of  AIF  Regulations,  Angel  Funds  may  invest  in  the 
securities  of  companies  incorporated  outside  India  subject  to  such  conditions  or 
guidelines that may be stipulated or issued by the Reserve Bank of India and SEBI from 
time to time. In this regard, the following is specified –  

7.1.  For the purpose of overseas investments, the 25% limit as prescribed under para 
7.1.3 of Master Circular dated May 07, 2024 for AIFs (‘AIF Master Circular’) shall be 
calculated based on the total investments (at cost) held by the Angel Fund as on 
date of the application to SEBI for overseas investment.  

7.2.  All  other  conditions  and  modalities  specified  under  Chapter  7  of  AIF  Master 

Circular continue to remain applicable to Angel Funds.    

C.  Offering and allocation of investment opportunities by Angel Funds -  

8. 

In terms  of  Regulation  19G(4)  of  AIF  Regulations,  the  manager  shall  disclose  a defined 
methodology in the PPM of the Angel Fund for the purpose of allocating the investment 
among angel investors who provide approval for such investment, in the manner as may 
be specified by SEBI from time to time. In this regard, the following is specified –  

8.1.  The  manager  of  Angel  Fund  shall  strictly  adhere  to  the  such  methodology  for 

allocating the investment among consenting investors.  

8.2.  The  methodology  for  allocation  disclosed  in  the  PPM  shall  not  provide  any 

discretion to manager for allocation of investment on case-to-case basis.  

Page 3 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
8.3.  Existing Angel Funds shall disclose such methodology in their PPMs, and allocation 
of  any  investment  made  by  such  Angel  Funds  post  October  15,  2025,  shall  be  in 
accordance with the methodology disclosed in the PPM.  

9. 

In  terms  of  Regulation  19G(6)  of  AIF  Regulations,  the  investors  of  an  Angel  Fund  shall 
have rights in an investment of the Angel Fund and in the distribution of proceeds of the 
investment, pro-rata to their contribution to such investment, except in cases as may be 
specified by the Board from time to time.  

In  this  regard,  it  is  specified  that  the  requirement  of  maintaining  pro-rata  rights  of 
investors in distribution of proceeds of investments of a scheme, shall not be applicable 
to  the  extent  returns  or  profit  on  the  investments  is  shared  by  an  investor  with  the 
manager or sponsor of the AIF or the employees/directors/partners of the manager of 
AIF (by whatever name it is called, such as carried interest/additional return), in terms of 
contribution agreement executed between them. 

D.  Other obligations – 

10.  All  existing  Angel  Funds shall  be  considered to be  registered  as  Category  I  AIF  – Angel 
Funds, instead of being a sub-category under Category I AIF – Venture Capital Funds.  

11.  The requirement of carrying out annual audit of compliance with terms of PPM, as per 
the  norms  prescribed  in  Para  2.4  of  AIF  Master  circular,  shall  be  applicable  to  Angel 
Funds that have made total investments (at cost) exceeding INR 100 crore. Accordingly, 
para 2.4.4 of AIF Master Circular stands modified to this extent.  

12.  Angel Funds shall report necessary information including investment wise valuation and 
cash  flow  data  to  the  benchmarking  agencies,  for  the  purposes  of  performance 
benchmarking as per the norms prescribed in Chapter 16 of AIF Master Circular. In the 
PPM  as  well  as  in  any  marketing  or  promotional  or  other  material,  where  past 
performance of the Angel Fund is mentioned, the performance versus benchmark report 
provided  by  the  benchmarking  agencies  for  such  fund  shall  also  be  provided. 
Accordingly, para 16.6 of AIF Master Circular stands deleted. 

13.  The  requirements  of  carrying  out  PPM  audit  as  given  at  para  11  above  and  reporting 
information to benchmarking agencies as given at para  12 above shall be applicable to 
Angel Funds from Financial Year 2025-26 onwards.  

14.  Unless  specified  otherwise,  any  limit/condition  applicable  to  Angel  Funds  under  AIF 
Regulations and circulars issued thereunder and calculated based on corpus/ investable 
funds, shall henceforth be calculated based on the total investments made by the Angel 
Fund (at cost).  

Page 4 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15. 

In  this  regard,  with  respect  to  SEBI  circular  dated  October  08,  2024  on  ‘Specific  due- 
diligence of investors and investments of AIFs’, it is further clarified that the thresholds 
specified  in  para  3.2.1,  4.2.1,  5.1.1  and  8.2.1  of  the  said  circular  shall  be  calculated  at 
each  investment  level,  based  on  contribution  of  investors  to  a  particular  investment 
(instead of calculating based on corpus at fund level).  

16.  The trustee/sponsor of AIF, as the case may be, shall ensure that the ‘Compliance Test 
Report’ prepared by the manager in terms of Chapter 15 of AIF Master Circular, includes 
compliance with the provisions of this circular.   

17.  This circular shall come into force with immediate effect.  

18.  This circular is issued with the approval of the competent authority. 

19.  This  circular  is  issued  in  exercise  of  powers  conferred  under  Section  11(1)  of  the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, read with Regulations under Chapter 
III-A  and  Regulation  36  of  AIF  Regulations,  to  protect  the  interests  of  investors  in 
securities and to promote the development of, and to regulate the securities market. 

20.  The circular is available on SEBI website at www.sebi.gov.in under the categories "Legal 

framework - Circulars" and "Info for - Alternative Investment Funds”. 

Yours faithfully, 

Aparna Thyagarajan 
Chief General Manager 
Tel no.: +91-22-2644 9024 
aparnat@sebi.gov.in 

Page 5 of 5 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
