CIRCULAR 

SEBI/HO/AFD/AFD-POD-1/P/CIR/2025/126                                             September 09, 2025 

To, 

All Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) 

Sir/Madam,  

Sub: Framework for AIFs to make co-investment within the AIF structure under SEBI 
(Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012  

1.  With  an  objective  to  enhance  ease  of  doing  business  for  Alternative  Investment 
Funds  (“AIFs”),  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Alternative  Investment 
Funds)  Regulations,  2012  (‘AIF  Regulations’),  have  been  amended  and  notified  on 
September  09,  2025  to  permit  Category  I  and  Category  II  AIFs  to  offer  co-
investment  facility  to  accredited  investors  by  launching  a  separate  co-investment 
scheme  (“CIV  scheme”)  within  AIF  Regulations.  This  is  in  addition  to  the  co-
investment  currently  being  facilitated  to  investors  of  AIFs  through  Co-investment 
Portfolio  Managers  under  SEBI  (Portfolio  Managers)  Regulations,  2020  (“PMS 
route”). 

2. 

In  terms  of  sub-regulation  7  of  regulation  17A  of  AIF  Regulations,  co-investment 
through a CIV scheme shall be carried out by manager of Category I or Category II 
AIFs in the manner and subject to the conditions as may be specified by the Board 
from time to time. In this regard, below mentioned operational modalities are being 
specified by this circular: 

2.1.  Managers  of  AIFs  shall  make  co-investment  for  an  investor  in  an  investee 

company either through PMS route or CIV scheme route. 

2.2. 

In  terms  of  regulation  17(A)(2),  manager  of  AIF  shall  file  a  shelf  placement 
memorandum  (template  available  at  Annexure),  that  inter  alia  includes, 
principal  terms  relating  to  co-investments,  governance  structure,  and 
regulatory framework for co-investment, etc.  

2.3.  Each  CIV  scheme  shall  have  separate  bank  account  and  demat  account  and 
assets  of  each  CIV  scheme  shall  be  ring  fenced  from  assets  of  the  other 
schemes.  

2.4.  Co-investments  of  an  investor  in  an  investee  company  across  CIV  schemes 
shall not exceed three times of the contribution made by such investor in the 
total  investment  made  in  the  said investee  company through the  scheme  of 
the AIF to which aforesaid CIV schemes are affiliated. 

Page 1 of 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
However,  the  aforesaid  restriction  shall  not  apply  to  the  following  types  of 
investors (i.e. these investors may invest any amount in an investee company 
through CIV schemes): 

2.4.1. Multilateral or Bilateral Development Financial Institutions; 

2.4.2. State Industrial Development Corporations; 

2.4.3. Entities established or owned or controlled by the Central Government 
or  a  State  Government  or  the  Government  of  a  foreign  country, 
including Central Banks and Sovereign Wealth Funds. 

2.5. 

In case an investor of a scheme of an AIF excused / excluded or has defaulted 
in  contributing  to  the  investment  made  in  an  investee  company  by  such 
scheme  of  AIF,  such  investor  shall  not  be  allowed  to  co-invest  in  the  said 
investee company.   

2.6.  The manager shall ensure that the CIV scheme does not make any investment: 

2.6.1. that  would 

lead 

investors  acquiring  or  holding  an 
interest/exposure  in  an  investee  company  indirectly,  that  they  cannot 
acquire or hold directly, 

its 

to 

2.6.2. that  would  necessitate  additional  regulatory  disclosure  if  they  had 

invested directly 

2.6.3. where  the  investee  company  cannot  receive  investments  from  such 

investor directly. 

2.7.  CIV Scheme shall not borrow funds directly or indirectly or engage in any kind 

of leverage.  

2.8. 

 Investors  of  a  CIV  scheme  shall  have  rights  in  the  investment  of  the  CIV 
scheme  and  in  the  distribution  of  proceeds  of  the  investment,  pro-rata  to 
their contribution to the CIV scheme, except to the extent carried interest (or 
additional return or whatever name it is called) is shared with the sponsor or 
manager of the AIF or employees/directors/partners of the manager of AIF. 

2.9.  Any expenses associated with co-investment, shall be shared proportionately 
between the scheme of AIF and CIV scheme in the ratio of their investments.  

2.10. CIV scheme shall be subject to implementation standards, if any, formulated 
by Standard Setting Forum of AIF, in consultation with SEBI, to ensure that the 
investment  by  CIV  scheme  are  made  for  bona-fide  purposes  and  that  the 
flexibility extended in this regard is not misused.  

3. 

The implementation standards, if any, formulated by SFA in consultation with SEBI, 
shall  be  adopted  by  AIFs,  Managers  of  AIFs  and  their  Key  Management  Personnel 
for compliance with the provisions of this circular. Such  implementation standards 
shall  be  published  on  websites  of  the  industry  associations  which  are  part  of  the 

Page 2 of 3 

 
 
 
4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

SFA,  i.e.,  Indian  Venture  and  Alternate  Capital  Association  (IVCA),  PE  VC  CFO 
Association and Trustee Association of India.  

The trustee/sponsor of AIF, as the case may be, shall ensure that the ‘Compliance 
Test Report’ prepared by the manager in terms of Chapter 15 of Master Circular for 
AIFs, includes compliance with the provisions of this circular.  

This circular shall come into force with immediate effect.  

This circular is issued with the approval of the competent authority. 

This  circular  is  issued  in  exercise  of  powers  conferred  under  Section  11(1)  of  the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, read with Regulations 17A(7) and 
36  of  AIF  Regulations,  to  protect  the  interests  of  investors  in  securities  and  to 
promote the development of, and to regulate the securities market. 

8. 

The  circular  is  available  on  SEBI  website  at  www.sebi.gov.in  under  the  categories 
"Legal framework - Circulars" and "Info for - Alternative Investment Funds”. 

Yours faithfully, 

Aparna Thyagarajan 
Chief General Manager 
Tel no.: +91-22-26449024 
aparnat@sebi.gov.in 

Page 3 of 3 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
